Chapter 1

It was a false dawn when the match flared into life, revealing the gravestone that bore the name Belle Starr. Born in 1848, died in 1889. It had been over a month since he had received the letter from his sister saying Belle was dead. The letter said that she had been shot in the back in an ambush.

He had pushed the big black hard for the last four days, and they both showed signs of weariness. He noticed the fresh flowers on the grave. He thought to himself that it must have been his sister Rose as he rolled a smoke. He thought of the life he had lived up to that point. It had been a hard life. He was only twenty-three but was a veteran of a violent life. His senses were sharp as a razor, and his reflexes second to none when it came to shucking the big, silver-plated Colt 45 out of his low-slung, tied-down holster. It was the only thing his father had left him after dying in a gunfight back in 74. He had been a mere boy of only 8 years old when he had gunned down the man who had killed his father.

The years that followed, living with or around notorious outlaws like Jesse and Frank James, the Younger brothers, and even Sam Starr, had made him into the hard, ruggedly handsome man he was today.

The big black’s low-throated knicker snapped him out of his reverie and back to the present. Someone was coming. The big black had sensed it and was warning his rider. The black had been with this man for over 5 years now, and new danger followed them wherever they rode. The man slipped silently behind a nearby tree and waited for whomever it was to approach.

A deep, grating voice said.” That’s a good-looking horse you got there, Stranger, but it looks like it might be a bit tuckered out. You can come on out from behind that tree because I know that's where you're hiding.”

As the Stranger stepped from around the tree, another match flared as the newcomer lit a cigarette. The flame illuminated the man's features enough for the Stranger to see he was wearing a badge. To the Stranger, it seemed as though the man had crossed a river or two throughout his life. The Stranger had his black Stetson pulled low over his eyes, and the sheriff could decide no real features of his face.

The man took a drag on the cigarette, and both men sized each other up. “I’m Sheriff Brodie, and I'd like to know how come you were trying to hide when you heard me coming. Only a man who has something to hide would be hiding. Or… had somebody on his trail, he worried about. Which is it, stranger? Who are you and what are you doing up here hiding by the grave of the Outlaw Queen?”

There was a perceptible pause from the Stranger before he spoke. “As far as who I am, I’m quite sure you're going to find out soon enough. As for me, hiding, just being careful is all. I was wondering why anybody else would be coming up here this morning. How was it that you knew I was up here?” the Stranger asked.

“Since this here grave was dug, they’ve been more outlaws and gunslingers around here than I have fingers and toes to count them.” The Sheriff began.

Both men were suddenly alarmed as the big Black's head rose. The Stranger's Colt appeared in his hand as if by magic as he faded back into the shadow of the big tree.

” Hold on,” the sheriff said as he put his hands clear of the six-gun strapped to his hip.

“You alright up there, Sheriff?” a new voice called out from off to the right.

“Jimbo! Time after time, I must tell you to stay put when you are supposed to be watching this grave?”

“I’m sorry, I was just starting to get worried.” Jimbo Stammered.

“Sorry, won’t cut it!” The sheriff started angrily. “You almost got me shot. What’s it going to take for you to understand how serious this is?”

“What’s this all about, Sheriff?” the Stranger asked, sliding the big 45 easily back into its holster as he stepped out from beyond the big tree’s added darkness.

The boy the sheriff had called Jimbo came shuffling up, and the stranger thought to himself as he looked him over with a single glance. Jimbo was about as green as a young man could be. He wore a flat-crowned white hat with a red shirt tucked into blue denim jeans. On his hips, he carried two Smith and Wesson thirty-eights. He looked like a foolish kid; he was.

This sky was starting to show signs of morning, just before the sun started to peek over the edge of the earth. It was light enough now for the sheriff to see this stranger more clearly.

The stranger's eyes were cobalt blue. His hair was light brown. He stood in his boots, six feet two, and his clothes were sun-faded black. He weighed around 220 lbs. of solid muscle. His hands were somewhat calloused. It was quite plain to the sheriff that hard work was no stranger to this man. He was also a bit puzzled because he was dressed like a veteran gunslinger.

Most of the run-of-the-mill outlaws who considered themselves gunslingers never belittled themselves by working for a living. This stranger was just a youngster, but looking into his eyes, you'd think he was twice the age he appeared to be.

Throughout the West, Sheriff Brody had been a lawman for over 30 years. He had built his reputation in Ellsworth, Kansas. He had seen countless Outlaws in his time, but nothing like this man. Something about this stranger felt very familiar, but he couldn't quite pin it down. He made a mental note to look at his fliers and wanted posters once he got back to his office.

“You want me to haul this stranger in, Sheriff? “Jimbo asked.

“No!” the sheriff replied angrily. “Why don't you hustle on down to Sadie’s and ask her to wrestle me in this here man up some breakfast. You can go ahead and get yourself something. Then get on over to the jail and check on the prisoners. We’ll be at Sadie’s directly as soon as I show this man where the livery is, so they can get his horse taken care of.”

“Alright, Sheriff, but he looks like trouble to me”, Jimbo said anxiously.

The stranger stared hard at the younger man named Jimbo, and Jimbo looked away. The Sheriff sensed the tension between the stranger and Jimbo and said quickly, "Boy, you'd better do as I told you before I start looking for a new deputy." Now get a move on!”

Jimbo dropped his head and kicked at a pinecone with the toe of his boot and said, “Heck, sheriff. You ought not to talk to me like that. I'm your deputy.”

The sheriff let out a frustrated sigh and started. “Just do what I told you. Now get going.”

Jimbo started to say something else, but thought better of it, so he turned and walked back down the hill into town. Every few steps or so, he would kick at a rock or clod of dirt, mumbling to himself that someday he'd show the sheriff and the whole town he was a good lawman, and good with a gun besides. He could shoot five cans in a row without missing one with either hand, drawing as fast as he could out of the holster. Yeah, he'd show him all right, maybe even tonight at the saloon, because there were other strangers in town and he was sure that most of them were outlaws. Sure, then nobody would ever dare to treat him like a kid ever again. The more he thought about it, the more he liked the idea.

The sheriff shook his head in worry and spoke. “I’d appreciate it if you'd overlook my nephew's overenthusiasm. Truth is, I'm afraid he's going to get himself killed, or me, trying to protect him from himself. The boy is my nephew. He thinks he's a gun-slinging cowboy. Come on, and I'll show you where you can put up your horse unless you have other plans. From the look of you and your horse, I'd say it'd be a good idea.”

“Sheriff”, the Stranger began. “Do you know a woman around here by the name of Rose?”

The stranger was gathering the reins of his ground-hitched black when the sheriff replied, “Sure do. Why’d you ask?”

“I need to see her and let her know I'm in town”, commented the Stranger.

“Can you be more specific?” the Sheriff asked more pressingly.

“Personal”, the man clad in black replied.

The Sheriff glanced sideways at this young Stranger as he crushed his cigarette before responding, Let’s take care of your horse and have some breakfast, and we'll talk. I've been out here all night, and I'm hungry.”, said the sheriff as he led the way into town.

They started down the little hill, headed towards town. Neither man bothered to speak as each was caught up in his own thoughts. The dark-clad stranger thought back to the last time he had seen his sister Rose and Belle.

It had been a little more than six years since Belle and Sam had been convicted of horse stealing. Belle had spent 9 months in prison in Arkansas. Rose had married a preacher, and he himself had ridden out on his own, not quite 17 years old. Even at that early age, his name was famous for the skill he possessed with the gun he wore on his hip. Up until that point, he had lived the life of an outlaw and had tried to ride away and start a new life for himself down in Texas.

Who shot Belle? Why? He wondered to himself. It was well known that she had had many outlaw friends, and no doubt more enemies. They couldn’t be counted. And what about Sheriff Brodie? He hadn't even seemed to recognize him. Had he really changed that much in six years? That fool deputy of his would have to be kept an eye on. It was plain he was out to prove himself. Well, for now, the thing to do was to take care of his horse, have breakfast, and then find Rose's whereabouts. Then, if possible, get some sleep before anyone who could recognize him saw him in town.

The Sheriff’s thoughts were on the stranger and on where he might have seen him before, because he was quite sure he had. But where and what was he doing here? He had enough problems with the other bad men already in town without worrying about this Stranger. Who was he and what did he want? One thing was for sure; he knew how to pull his Colt out of the holster faster than anybody he'd ever seen or even thought possible.

The sheriff glanced sideways at the big gun wrapped around the stranger's waist and noticed that it had a Texas Longhorn bull protruding from the bone-grip handle, and that it had one turquoise eye and one turquoise nostril. There was only one man who had carried a gun like that, and he had been killed years ago. Was it possible that it could be the same gun? If so, it could only mean one thing: all Hell was fixing to break loose, and Heaven help the man that had killed Belle Starr.

As the two men approached the livery stable, an older man came out and sat in a weathered rocker out front.

“Stranger, this is Mel Neva, an old cantankerous Buffalo hunter and Indian fighter,” the sheriff said.

“Don’t I know you, boy?” The old hostler asked with a quizzical and questioning look.

“Could be you’ve maybe seen me before some years back,” the stranger replied. “Got room for my horse?” he continued. We’ve had a hard few days, and I'd like to give him a rubdown and grain. I'll be around town for a few days. I’ll pay in advance”

“You sure will, boy. I don't do business any other way with strangers or Drifters, especially these days with so many outlaws around. You might get yourself killed before I've had a chance to collect my money. I’d say though, you do look like a man who knows how to take care of himself. I charge fifty cents a day, and that includes grain for another dime and walking around in the corral Outback for fifteen minutes a day,” the old hostler informed.

“Here's five dollars. That’ll be more than a week. Make sure he gets treated well every day he's stalled here.”

“Sure thing. I like a man who looks after his horse before he does himself. You can stow your saddle and any other gear you want in the tack room down past the last stall on your left. Don't worry about it, it'll be there when you're ready for it. It looks like you also need a little food and some rest. Don't worry about your horse, I'll see to it that he gets rubbed down and taken care of,” said the old hostler as he got up and took the reins of the horse.

“Well,” began the sheriff, “now that your horse is being looked after, let's you and me see about some breakfast. I swear that Sadie sets almost as good a table as my Colleen.”

***

At that very moment, still miles south of the impending mountains ahead, three extremely hard-looking men were crossing the Red River. Each man was wearing a star and on the stranger's trail. Each man looked as though he were a seasoned veteran with a six-gun.

***

Nearby was another group of men. These men were not wearing badges; they were outlaws led by Belle's boyfriend, Bill July, who was part Cherokee Indian and notorious for being a knife fighter.

“Petey”, began July, holding a cup of coffee in his left hand. “I want you and Buster to ride into town today and see if there are any fresh faces I should know about. Art, please go and keep an eye on Rose. If you see her talking to any new strangers in town, I want you to get back here on the double and let me know. I don’t want you boys stirring up any trouble until after I find the money, got it?”

The three men walked out of the cabin with their orders to saddle their horses and head off to town.

July was now alone with his thoughts. He was furious that he hadn't been able to find the money he knew Belle had hidden. She had moved it before he had had the boys ambush her. He should have known that she had had plans of her own. Time was running out, and of that, he was sure.

***

Back in town, while finishing their coffee, the stranger asked, " Who killed Belle, Sheriff? Is he locked up or dead?”

The sheriff paused. Unsure of what to say, he set his hot cup of coffee upon the table and placed both hands around it before answering. Listen, we don't need any more trouble around here than we already have. Three men have already gotten themselves killed asking that same question. I've got the two men in jail right now who did the killing. Now, you listen to some sound advice, you leave the matter of Belle’s death up to me. We don't rightly know who killed her or why, but if the killer is still around here, we'll get him.”

“Who,” asked the stranger, “you and that nephew of yours that you call a deputy?”

The Sheriff replied harshly. “Hold on there, Mr., you don’t have any call to talk to me like that. I was a lawman before you were even born. As far as Jimbo is concerned, well, he's just a little anxious.”

“Sheriff”, began the stranger. “I intend to find out who killed Belle and why. You can either help me or stay out of my way, and that's all there is to it”. “

“Listen, Mr., you go and start stirring up trouble around here, and you’ll answer to me. That is, of course, if somebody doesn't put a bullet in your back first. Now you stay out of it, and I don't mean to have to tell you again, you hear?”

The stranger looked intently into the sheriff's eyes and asked: “Where's the woman called Rose living, and where do I find her?”

“Who are you, and why are you digging around over this matter of Belle’s death?”

“It wasn't just the death!” The stranger snapped angrily. “She was ambushed and flat-out murdered. Aside from one other person, I believe I knew her better than anybody else. Now, are you going to tell me where Rose is? Or do I find out myself?”

After a brief pause, the Sheriff replied, “I'll tell you what. You go over to the hotel and get some rest, and I’ll talk to Rose and her husband to see if she wants to see you. The only way I'm going to tell you is if she agrees. I can't seem to figure you, Stranger. You look like a gun slick, but somehow, I get the feeling you aren’t quite what you appear to be. I'm asking you to lie low and let me speak to Rose before you go around asking a bunch of questions. Can I have your word on it?”

“OK, sure. I'll wait until tomorrow morning. And after that. I'll do it my way; trust me, my way is going to get results.”

The Sheriff started to respond, then changed his mind. He looked at the stranger and grunted a doubtful acknowledgment before exiting the small café. As he walked across the street toward his office, he thought he was almost certainly going to look over his wanted posters in his desk drawer. Maybe he’d even send out a few telegraphs if he couldn't find anything on this new stranger. Hopefully, Rose could shed some light on this man. Just who was he, and why was he so intent on seeing Rose? What did she have to do with all of this, and what was her connection with this stranger? So many questions and not very much time to get the answers. As if he didn't already have enough problems on his hands right now, with all the other outlaws hanging around. He thought to himself with a sigh, I'm getting too old for this.